c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\CraneAPI.dll.config
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\CraneAPI.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\CraneAPI.pdb
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.TraceListener.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.TraceListener.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\obj\Release\CraneAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\obj\Release\CraneAPI.dll
c:\users\shanepec\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CraneAPI\CraneAPI\obj\Release\CraneAPI.pdb
